hello girls as I promised them Achilles
well get the outline the preparation
of the previous products of the
video so I hope all of you
you may like
good coquettes this outline is for
night so we obviously have to
apply a first always to our
face and after that I'm going to use
this basis that obviously is the brand
that I mentioned in the previous video like this
I'm going to put it with a little brush
very pretty all over my face
and then what do you expect and very well
to take another brochita I'm
using this one that is a little bit more
more chubby hair and then I'll go
blurring all over my face remember
also that it is very necessary to apply
base also in the part of the area of
neck
two
then we are going to take a first one that
It is always a little bit lighter than the
basis that we commonly apply and we're going
to put there very close to the circles under
hide them and also that is going to
serve to illuminate this at night it
you will see really fabulous
I have two options to apply a powder
compact or a translucent powder but
you know that I love dust
translucent so I'll do it with that
and in this way we ratify our
face and it will look very natural
I'm going to take the bronze now
contains illuminator let's take the
dark part first and we're going to put it
on the sides of the cheeks and
also in the lower part of the jaw
and on the lateral part of the forehead
Now let's take the next color
that was on the side that was a little
more clarito and with the help of a brush
like this one we are going to try to blur
it's a bit difficult at first
girls try to make an outline but
the secret of truth is to blur and
blur so do not despair and
let's have a lot of patience
as you can see the outline makes
that our face looks finer and
also highlight in areas that are more
beautiful of our face
let's move on to do contour too
in the part of the nose
this is optional if you like it
they can do I am doing for
prove it and well I always like it
do this because you can really feel it
much the difference and simply
we put two lines on the side and
we try to blur very well too
now let's take the blush this is a
orange tone as I commented between
orange and coral and we're going to put it in
our cheeks but always and girls
connecting uniting a little bit with the
part of the contour
I am going to add this chile that also
it's for body but how is this
makeup for the night because I wanted it
do this way and we apply some
how many glitters next to it you see
incredible for the night
now girls to accompany this look and
it does not stay like this only with contour
I'm going to outline my eyebrows and I'm
doing with a shady mattek
just filling in some some
imperfections of them
to get a better definition let's go
to damage below with a concealer and
this will make them look much prettier
and also highlight
yes
as you know my eyebrows are super
populated so I'm applying a
fixing liquid in them so that they
keep always intact
Now I'm going to take this mask
eyelashes that honestly has me
fascinated girls really have the
super super thin brochita and
elongated much much lashes like
you can observe and it is easy to
apply and with that that bit too
It is very simple the application for
lower lashes
and to finish our outline also
I 'll accompany it with a lipstick
this is a gloss orange tree is the
brand knicks is a soft
and when girls like that ends our
outline for night I hope you have them
liked and also that has served them
you all a little kiss for all you
they care a lot and see you tomorrow with another
more bye video